Buried.
Didn't I tell you to wait for me?
Why did you bury him?
Are you worth it?
Someone you don't want to be safe first.
The person who used to be called An An is ultimately my fault.
As a result, both of them are in poor health.
So why wait peacefully for you?
Or do you think An An is dead anyway, waiting for you?
It's not paid like that.
You know how An An died one day, if you are a little more careful, you will find you.
The rope on my nail is dirty.
Impossible, basically not worthy of An An hair.
You don't deserve to be a great man.
Sister, I'm sorry.
The army is not in good health.
Good night, I'm afraid the Army will not be able to stand in prison.
That's why I came to eat.
Sister, hit me.
Don't argue with me because of me.
It's like I'm begging you.
You're good.
It really saved him.
It is true that his general died and wanted to steal from others.
His daughter's father no longer had to steal from others.
Is someone else's husband particularly good?
Sister, I don't have it.
The daughter of a sinner.
Also known as the princess's sister.
Lord Hoai An looks at us poor orphans and widows
That's why they took care of us.
I, in my heart, thank you.
How could it destroy your family?
Hoai An
I really don't.
I know you're my wife.
An An's death is my crime.
But of course they have nothing to do with each other.
You're cold, you go away.
Get out!
It was all wrong from the beginning.
Hey.
Sister, how can you break the flag?
How can I cancel the flag?
If the back is the enemy
Why not pass the rubicon
Fragrance, cooling on the ground.
Brother takes you home
I have saved Zhu Nhien.
He saved the baby.
No, don't leave it to Vice.
Our whole family.
I want to be reasonable with loneliness.
Big Brother helped Lu Ming return.
I told him to investigate.
Don't worry, he has a way.